---
layout: post
title: Languages
---

## C

_2002:_ had a course on C, and hated it because nobody told me what it was
for.


_2007:_ Picked C up agiain, for ARM development.

## C++



_2008:_ After working on kernel space for nearly a year, and wrote some
simple drivers for S3C2410 chip, I want a gui program in order to manipulate
the driver with the touch screen of my handheld device. Qt was at that time
the only thing I knew, so I tried some Qt code, and soon got confused by all
the differences that C++ brought over C, that drove me to start my journey
with C++.

## PHP

_2009:_  done same simple PHP code in a typical LAMP environment

## HTML

## Python

_2009:_ Asianux(the company I was working for at that time) made a decision
to switch from its own system updater(axtu) to YUM, as at that time the only
axtu developer in the company, I need to join YUM development, that's how I
started to learn and use Python.

## Bash

## Make

## Java

_2002:_ My cusion Aric Zhou(now employee of IBM) was at that time studying in
Tsinghua Unversity. I stayed in his dorm for a couple of weeks for my own
business. One day I saw a big book on Java, and Aric told me if you try to
learn this, you will feel the knowleadge is overwhelming, meaning so much you
need to remeber. But I was not scared, I always am good at rembering things
myslef... but anyway, I thing that's the first time I heard the name Java.


_2005:_ Aric told me that he met James Gosling.


_2008:_ attended a presentation by a smart teacher, teaching me how to draw a
turtle with Java, I liked it, but that did not persuade me to start to learn
this language.

_2009:_ was told that Google Adriod was built with Java, and I got shocked,
since I always tought Java as a scripting langauge is not fast enough for
embedded use. But Google just did it, and solve some problems by maintaining
their own branch of Java Libs.

_2010.9:_ run _helloWorld_ on my andriod cellphone, eclipse+ADT 

## elisp


_2009:_  Used Emacs for 3 months, and thus learned a little bit of this, they
do have great documents at gnu.org

